---
id: pt1
title: 'Project setup'
---

If you're looking to find out what it takes to build a Polywrap wrapper, you've come to the right place! By the end of this guide, you'll have the following knowledge:

- Starting a new Polywrap project with the `w3 create` CLI command
- Writing a GraphQL schema for your Polywrap
- Implementing your Polywrap using AssemblyScript
- Building and deploying it

If at any time in this process you get stuck or have questions, please don't hesitate to reach out on [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/Z5m88a5qWu).

> This guide is meant to be followed in order:
>
> 1.  Project setup
> 2.  The Polywrap project folder
> 3.  Build, deploy and test
> 4.  Adding new mutation functions
> 5.  Adding new query functions
> 6.  Build and deploy updated project & conclusion

## **Prerequisites**

You'll need the following installed before building your wrapper:

- `nvm`
- `yarn`
- `docker`
- `docker-compose`

You'll be using [AssemblyScript](https://www.assemblyscript.org/) to implement your wrapper's logic. Don't worry if you haven't used it. Its syntax is very similar to TypeScript. AssemblyScript compiles to [WebAssembly](https://webassembly.org/).

:::tip
For now, AssemblyScript is the only language that you can implement your wrapper with. In the future, it'll be one of many supported languages that compile to WebAssembly, such as Rust or Go.
:::

## **Create your project**

Let's begin by creating a template project by running the following command:

```bash
npx @web3api/cli create api assemblyscript <project-name>
```

Where `<project-name>` is replaced with a custom name of your choice. For example `my-wrapper`.

Once complete, you'll see a new folder appear, named after the custom name you've chosen. Please navigate into this new directory (using `cd` for example).

## **Installation**

Let's ensure all of your project's dependencies are installed. From inside your project's directory, simply run:

- `nvm install && nvm use`
- `yarn`

The Polywrap CLI is now installed locally to your project's directory. Going forward we'll use this local installation by running `npx w3`.

We recommend avoiding installing the `@web3api/cli` package globally to avoid future version conflicts, and maximize reproducibility for the other developers you're working with.
